[Music]
enough no
okay uh yeah so I am just
gonna my God
yeah you need way higher than if you're
going to take I'm
uh what the hell's going
on okay I'm just
um okay I'm just taking these out
because I am going to use banana clips
instead and
hopefully I'm just going to keep
using which means that I can actually
have this thing go into
it may it one time it did
[Music]
just
uh where are my
pliers
okay um
okay we're almost freaking done to do
ready to do anything at all
okay let's make this thing freaking fly
man and this one's probably ready so we
can set up this one and then we really
have a fly we'll be able to shoot
something
far
um
okay all
right first things first
we need this thing so we're not going to
actually
oops the thing about these that I hate
well I'll just spread them I guess oh
wait okay the thing that I hate is
that these I thought you were supposed
to be able to like move them up so that
they're shielded but that's not really
the case I could have sworn that there
was a type where like move up and
down because look how easy this is for
us to Short
should I just put tape over them I don't
really
know okay that's fine we'll just leave
it like
that oh this is going to be brutal I'm
going to have to move this thing up
okay don't love the lighting to be
honest
okay so now we just need our
breadboard then we do
need a ground
well these probably use the same ground
right there got to be oh nice
we [__] it I know it's not going to
break why do I even worry
um
wait can use better wires this is
stupid always just have a bunch
of wires to ready to go
okay then white goes to I forget um
let's just look at the
code I think it literally could be any
for
maybe I should uh
yeah it's okay any pwm
pin Pico pin
out okay so uh
pin
15 yeah we need to move this camera up
let me do it let me do
it with the
uh tripod it's going to be enough
okay some ways it's better and some ways
it's
worse but at least now you can see
everything which is
nice okay so we're going to be turning
this brushless DC motor on and I think
we're basically ready we just need to
change the
code
so oh wait
oops so here's the
code I don't know why I maintain two of
the same thing
I just change
this oh and while I'm at it I need to do
something
from
um
okay
um help developer tool
isn't it just
whatever wait let me just screen record
this I can turn off my video dude I like
screen recordings I think that's the
best
way okay what is he asking me to
do um
okay so let's let's
uh okay we go here then we go to the
console I don't know what any of that
is but so let's um go here we need oh we
need a back our USB cable
[Music]
room
okay this might not reach
okay so since that did not show
up wait actually did
it
yeah so we didn't need to get this out
okay
so oh yeah so did I click record
no
okay uh
connect
okay oh it works oh it just works what
the hell so this on 15
what wait but didn't this work on my ESP
wait let me just do
um right that's
uh this is
um what is it called pin. LED
right oh that's so
nice yeah right it's
uh just use a string
um
oh wait but we didn't actually plug it
in this thing is like goofy bro
goofy oh my God I'm so [__]
[Music]
funny
okay we're going to be able to we're
going to try to read the RP I think that
would be
good oh that means we need those okay
we're going to need these in a
second oh wait I probably am
uh oh you know what I should do maybe I
should just have this up here
okay where should this be this should
probably be down
here this is why I wish multi streaming
was a thing because it would be so sick
if you could just stream at full
resolution and frame rate every source
that you have in OBS and then the
user gets to composite that and it
compiles it into a way that it sends the
packets efficiently and all that but
like dude streaming could be so much
freaking better than it is
um so uh let's run
it wait what the hell is going on
here
um just one open up
fny make sure I'm not going crazy
D I hope I didn't stress that guy up by
giving him total [__] but it
definitely wasn't working for
me wait and the LED is not running
oh then why didn't this
work does is
that dude I hate this editor
okay
whatever wait let's just uh try that
wait why didn't it error
though what it should have errored
that's so
strange um
seems like
I'm I don't know I should have full
speed here because I should be wait
let's see yeah I'm connected to
ethernet
um okay so let's
run dude what is the mission bro the
mission is to get this thing to freaking
fly so why isn't this
working and then what was the
wait let's try to run this again okay
let's close
this wait let's save it as a
blink oh it's here
okay um
take
[Music]
okay so now we just need to
um turn on the power
supply turn it
up this should
work oh yeah you hear that
beep oh yeah
[Music]
this thing is
crazy why is it
[Music]
beeping what the hell
around
[Music]
oh
wait the slow beeps
oh wait wait
what
why did it stop working
close just keep it up
I don't know if it's
um that's
weird wait
[Music]
whoa these things can handle crazy
current cuz I'm maxed out
[Laughter]
[Applause]
there is a pretty serious delay
[Music]
Sun
try to make you
love me
[Music]
now
again am
[Music]
on
I
any
[Music]
the kids us
is
know
[Music]
I I think I'll sck to them
the
block
times up heartbreak in mid DEC don't
give a fck
[Music]
remember
window all cars wondering if I'll
[Music]
chag hear this song on your
stere the you remember
[Music]
the hell is wrong with this
12 is probably enough wait 3 + 7 that's
probably enough
[Music]
the
hell that's not enough we need the 16s
unfortunate unfortunately
[Music]
okay your
face there many CH
that bro goofy a bro
BR goofy
[Music]
y' game recognize game
all right where we at with this so now
we just need um not turning this on for
a bit a picture with words I need sir
manual I don't think so
man do we we have a manual of this what
is in
here I never read this thing
only
must
pwm 12
[Music]
khz well whatever it
works all right let's get this thing
going
[Music]
should I keep these
headers well we're not going to set this
up we're just going to this is in so we
just need to attach this
part oh wait I need um
TI where's the other
one unfortunately this one they didn't
give me a um the top
washer BR this song is
crazy oh yo wait can you hear me
wait when was
that yeah what's up
bro okay wait let's this is about to be
oh
[__] this is about to be
sick all right hold on we just got to
tighten these down I got to get some
safety goggles on bro
come
on wait
what wait no it's just cuz I'm not
talking
okay all right so this is oh wait oh
wait wait hold on no it's my camera
though that's [__]
up that's weird
okay all right so these things are on
here now so now we just need to hook up
this
thing and I'm pretty
sure well I don't know we're going to
find out but if I switch any two of
these wires apparently the direction
changes
okay so now we just need to um oh how
are we going to do
this we need like a
bus because so the problem is
this goes to my power
supply but um I need I need two I need
two of
them I need a high current
common I guess what I could do is I
could just strip a thick
wire see this is probably thick
enough yeah that's what I'm going to do
that's easy so my
um
stripples oh wait you don't hear me did
literally on I didn't even believe you
hold on
yo what about now it's got to be working
now if not I just going to restart the
Stream restart my
computer but like on this graph like
audio input is definitely lighting
up all right I'll keep I'll keep
monitoring
that
um wait where's that piece of
[Music]
wire oh the thing is these are just
going to cut this thing off
this goes down to 16 it's probably
oops yo
do I'm pretty sure it's working okay so
now oh
sou the West
Coast okay so then here we're just going
to do
this oh but
uh yeah now we need more connectors I'm
going to go get a box of connectors
no that's not going to work
okay hella
connectors I got to figure that out
that's an
issue
e
for for
e e
e
for for
to portrait in graay SC perfect
betray I can't even breath
[Music]
whoa oh yeah does this have that that
stuff in
it no wait maybe you have to make a
little cut in
it oh nice
so
basically and instead of stripping this
stuff this is how you get it out of
there this the oh I pulled it out cuz
I'm dumb as
hell this is basically wasted because
there's going to be like no way to
yeah this is get [__]
it that's probably
good for
okay so this should be
good okay so we're going to need the
soldering iron
so we need to actually
take this
off um
okay so this solding Iron's
on so
dude this
thing no but it's so it's so cluttered
you can't even tell what's going on
oh what the hell
okay
for
for for
nice okay so
now we're going to back to this power SP
we're going to actually take these
things out well we can use them for one
we just need to uh do it for the other
okay
oh wait I'm so dumb
look that must be a connection okay so
now we
have
um oh wait we need electrical tape
okay I I think I have black leg tap
okay jesus takes so long to do
anything so
uh is this is this going to
work no freaking way um
oh yeah we never got the uh package of
these things okay so yeah so I got a
package of
these and we might as well connect
these some longer wire
cuz the devil's trying to break me
down Young and
Restless your
neckless Kanye Weston
huh
[Music]
with
me wait cuz the devil's trying to break
me down
so my Feet Don't Fail Me Now
spe
what the hell is going
on for
dude I'm just waiting on this thing it's
not melting at all
dude what the freak
well it seems
strong I really soldering to that was
way harder than I thought it would be I
don't know why
I mean I don't know why it wouldn't melt
[Music]
m
all right so then we're just going
to
okay working
gra
I
whoa you have to put it through through
there I mean putting it around it was
stupid as [__] you can really
what's the r video
[Music]
okay the SK
I
oh take me to the glory oh my mind can't
stand
yeah so
sad okay sick now we just
need if I don't hit again
you [__]
kidding um it is
[Music]
this code
oh
wait and then the pin out yeah just
14 [__] all right so we're ready to
uh run this
code okay hold on
k for
okay so this is
it turn on the power
supply let's freaking run this code bro
or did I leak my
keys it's very possible I leak my key
darn
it um
know
oh
wait wait what happened
yeah for some reason you have to like
reset it
yeah wait what
happened I don't get
it okay wait but if I just
unplug let's just unplug one of
them
[Music]
whoa bro
bro that's scary dude what the
hell that was crazy
dude that was
insane wait but why doesn't set throttle
work
wait but why doesn't it work
[Applause]
holy
[__] holy [__] okay we need to mount
this to something I I feel scared
holding this
thing this thing is sus bro this thing
is really
sus oh my
god oh man that's so
funny dude that thing is crazy
fast okay so I'm glad I put these
mounting holes on here oh wait we can
just use the uh yeah put a weight on
it e
I mean I guess I shouldn't be that
surprised considering this literally is
like supposed to take
flight so I designed this
okay so this should
just oh but I need some of those
bolts and it won't actually lie flat but
we could put something heavy on
it okay so I'm going to get the bolts
and then we're going
to yeah I wish they were counter
sunk we won't be able to do
that oh also this thing doesn't line up
I got this
[Music]
wrong
what bro I thought I measured
it these holes should be damn it dude
what the
heck oh you know why I missed
no oh I guess I did mess it
up yeah
right because it's
asymmetrical my design is
asymmetrical
okay I
wonder maybe I could just go find a big
piece of
wood but if I'm going to shoot this
thing
well [__] it should we just send
it I just want to shoot
one where my
goggles
here dude this thing is sus man
right this sucks I don't know why this
happens you have to reset it every
time okay
okay oh
[Applause]
oh my
[Music]
God yeah that's fast
enough that's super
fast dude now we need a fully auto one
of
these it needs dude I want to see the
clip I wonder if I can hold it
[Music]
oh yeah I really got to tighten these
down for
[Music]
real I need an allen
wrench it's probably too big oh [__]
it's going to be hard to get to that
thing
wait oh bro I don't want to hear this
that [__] is hilarious
though dude it's so hard
to okay
canc
me yeah these things are going to come
loose
that's the crazy thing about high
vibration like you really got to be
careful I need the vice this isn't
working prob like
that
okay little bit more
[Applause]
there we
go use the physics use the
physics these things are scary as hell
bro yeah when these things amp up and
they rated for 40 amps I mean that's
some serious
current okay let's uh get everything out
of
here see these coat to
there and then we want to clip from this
can I put my phone somewhere
let's just see if a selfie video is
going to do
anything yeah this looks pretty good
okay so I'm holding not a bomb a
flywheel projectile
shooter and when this thing ramps up
connected to my DC power supply which
you can only go to 5 amps you really
feel like you're holding something
scary so
uh let me get a couple of my
projectiles putting on safety goggs
because these things might fly apart but
we are going to send it so we got the
code
here reset
it and then we're going to run it holy
[__]
oh oh wait
I'm dumb I have to wait Which Way were
they spinning I think I need to hold
them I think I need to shoot it this way
okay
reset
run holy [__] this is crazy
bro oh
yeah oh my
God that is insane
I want to watch that video that's crazy
fast that's way faster than the other
one oh I need to do another test where
you can actually see
it oh wait
oh
yeah oh my God yeah dude it's so it's so
fast okay I I I know I said I was going
to try to get the it's already midnight
I said I was going to try to get the
um the
uh the uh the speed control or the
um whatever the hell it's called that
freaking sensor magnetic
encoder okay so if I do it
like this maybe it's better so I'm going
to hold it down like
that okay take
two reset wait I need to go collect my
balls
okay so uh okay so let's run the code
[Music]
yep okay so I'm holding not a bomb a
flywheel take
two reset wait I need to go collect my
[Music]
balls so
do my [__] Handles in the way
okay so I need to do it from there
okay take
[Applause]
[Music]
three around 70% throttle these things
you're like why am I holding this
holy
[Music]
cow okay take three
it doesn't look that fast in the video
but it is definitely
fast this thing is
moving
um okay so wait let me just
um comment out
this and we are going to oh wait we
actually does matter which one because
it's
um it's the one that goes into
pin wait this got tangled
up what the hell
okay so
pin pin
15 is the one that we
want so but now we want to add in
this code for the as5600
what's the fastest I can sample let me
just ask chat
gbt oh
yeah I don't hour was e dinner
watermelon dinner
um I don't know if this is
right but we need to go to
uh wait can I okay wait I just want to
do reset then I want to run
this
code and then I want to just
do set
throttle
20 and it never works why doesn't it
work
what if I
just yeah it just doesn't work
I don't know why you can't set the
throttle like
that oh you know what is
it no we oh wait wait wait no I'm dumb
as
hell okay the wait wait wait I'm going
to reset
hello
okay so now we just want to copy in this
code
oh wait wait
what let's just do it line by
line
okay can you
not yeah okay fine
okay wait but I I can do it like
this python rle set
please don't say exception occurred
because this is totally valid
code okay H come on
wait what if we just comment out this
whole
thing we do a
reset okay and then we just do
run then we do esc2
okay oh see now it's open though that's
interesting it stops
okay so now we want to
do one what's the slowest this thing
goes does it not
work that's what I don't understand so
it doesn't work right oh never mind
yeah so it really has to be like let's
see okay 20 is the lowest it goes I
don't know what that code
does but now we want to keep it like
that and we want to do this r PM
thing oh yeah cuz we haven't set it up
yet
okay so
um right that's going to be kind of
annoying
we can do it from here so where did I
put all those jumpers we have three
jumpers but we have two more somewhere
right
because let's
see
um I can't see
anything okay VCC is on
top then then it's out which we don't
need and then it's ground ground will be
brown okay then we need oh we had like a
green and a yellow one at some
point where did those go what the hell
Jesus
oh wait
whatever let's just do
this what is the point of being
so oh whoa
really wait this fell out
it's kind of
insane you got to be careful with these
things for
sure okay whatever so BR
ground
ground and
um okay we just need
our
um and we can use any
oh no we have to use i squ c but the pin
out I squ C CL we could use
[Music]
17 and then where is the clock
one it's impossible to
see wait actually why don't I just look
at one of of the other ones am I stupid
as
hell bro is literally not using his
mind okay
so if
that's ground then it's the second it's
the the clock is
second from the
bottom and then the
um where's the
other and the data is one below that or
one on top of
it and that is
pin 16 okay so first off
RPM pin so it's no longer that it's
going to be pin the clock is on 17 and
the data is on
16 okay wait I just want to run
this this is
eio know what that
means can we just run this
oh
wait
16 what what does that even mean this is
working
earlier it flipped
for
is it not wired
correctly that
is
ground some
data clock
wait what if I just switch it back to
four and five is that going to work
four five six and
seven the data is the first one on this
one
dude I don't get
it I'm just going to go
here dude why do we keep closing
thwy I don't think there's any issue
with this extension
though I honestly don't know why it's
not working anymore
wait where did I get this code from cuz
I think we
okay I think it was in an issue
here pretty sure it's in
here dude this is the exact same code I
don't know why it's not working
should I try a different
one I'm going to do this one without a
header
[Music]
okay so we need to get the right colors
out then
okay so let's first just do the
is so this one
okay for
okay okay now we just need um
what in the
world okay so this da
oh we'll have to clip
those otherwise it's going to get too
uh likely to Short
where's that stupid pad of
paper okay I think we're good for
[Music]
now okay well those are that means we
have to open up another one or actually
we don't have to open it up
we can just put it on
here okay so
um oh let me snip
those okay
maybe it's like touching
it okay
oh
oh well I just got the
smoke is great
I just burn this
out I must have bring out the other one
but um
okay wait if I just
unplug these
guys and then I unplug
this unplug this what is the voltage of
this thing
that's so
weird I don't know why
it's like that
5 volts I think this thing's operating
range is 5 volts
though wait that's five volts
no it's says it should take
um I'm surprised the Pico is still
working
h
okay I I don't
know how this thing died
wait what if we just hook it
up direct I mean it's already dead
wait what
happened oh wait what are these
okay so we're just going to try to do
that and we're not going to do
wait where is the is this the
ESG for
but maybe that's the signed to
equip all
right peace let's see 2our stream that's
not bad